feat(changelog): kubernetes-fixed-bugfix-related-to-pgw-and-vpc-with-kap 2026-08-17 (#6798)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/august2026/2026-08-17-kubernetes-fixed-bugfix-related-to-pgw-and-vpc-with-kap.mdx

---

> title: bugfix related to pgw & vpc with kapsule

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Fixed: Kubernetes Kapsule issue related to Public Gateway and Virtual Private Cloud
```

status: fixed
date: 2026-08-17
category: containers
product: kubernetes
---

> fix: regression for pgw & vpc check when public ip is disabled

Reviewer: Regression resolved in Kubernetes Kapsule: when the public IP is disabled, the Public Gateway - Virtual Private Cloud check no longer fails.

> fix: regression for pgw & vpc check when public ip is disabled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Regression resolved in Kubernetes Kapsule: when the public IP is disabled, the Public Gateway - Virtual Private Cloud check no longer fails.
```
